# Release v10 Announcement

**Breaking changes (TS generator):**

- Important: Extended classes (defined in `ExtensionCode`) are now copied into the generated classes (extension is no longer based on inheritance), see [NJS/TypeScriptGenerator](https://github.com/NJsonSchema/NJsonSchema/wiki/TypeScriptGenerator#extended-classes-and-extension-code) for more information. If you use extension code, you probably have to do some minor changes. 
- `ko` and `jquery` are now automatically imported in the generated file (to use old behavior, set `ImportRequiredTypes` to `false`)
- Non-JSON results (i.e. images, binary data, etc.) are now streamed and returned as blobs instead of `any` (except with the JQuery templates, they do not support blob download). 
- Renamed TypeScriptTemplate.Angular2 to Angular: NSwag Documents are automatically migrated, otherwise you have to change the setting `Template` from `Angular2` to `Angular`
- `MarkOptionalProperties` is now by default `true`

- DTO objects are now initialized with the `init()` method instead of the constructor. If you rely on that, you have to refactor your code (NJsonSchema change). 
- The `toJS()` method has been renamed to `toJSON()` (the original `toJSON()` method has been removed, use `JSON.stringify(dto.toJSON())` instead)
- The `clone()` methods in DTOs are not generated by default anymore (added `GenerateCloneMethod` setting)

**Breaking changes (WebApiToSwagger generator):**

- IDocumentProcessor and ITypeMapper are now async: https://github.com/NSwag/NSwag/issues/684

Changes (TS generator):

- Reduced file size by nearly 20 % when using `undefined` as Null value. 
- Added support to handle `$ref`, `$id` and `$values` when deserializing DTOs (circular references). Can be enabled with the `HandleReferences` setting (default: `false`, because more code is generated). 
- Improved all templates so that you can enable `strictNullChecks` in your `tsconfig.json` (may still require improvements)
- Added `GenerateConstructorInterface` setting (default: true) for simpler DTO class initialization

Changes (WebApiToSwagger generator):

- Improved Web API routing handling: https://github.com/NSwag/NSwag/commit/2d8ec0629e302947cafdf776717d48e21d2dc736
- Support for multiple success responses with the same type, https://github.com/NSwag/NSwag/issues/700
